[Music]
so TRT means
testosterone replacement therapy and we
get this question a lot because in my
first podcast and the sort of the soft
launch of x3 I was on Dave Astra's
podcast I talked about how I have had a
prescription for TRT for twelve years
before developing the x3 and then like
was you know was that a help or
something like that well in the 12 years
that I was just using regular weights
and not having x3 my first year with
x-ray I put on thirty pounds of muscle
before that the previous twelve years I
think I put on five pounds of muscle so
did TRT help no I'm gonna paraphrase
what WebMD says but it gives you a
natural level of testosterone WebMD goes
further in defining the difference
between steroids and TRT is there not
only higher doses of testosterone but
it's stacked with other illegal
chemicals when somebody does a quote
steroid cycle that can cause a lot of
harm and I certainly don't recommend and
so of course they're illegal anyway so I
really nothing to worry about
but I also want to point out the there's
a bodybuilder who died he was 21 years
old which is really sad but he was one
of the top competitors in the world his
name was Dallas McCarver and so like a
natural level of testosterone can come
from 150 milligrams of injectable
testosterone per week now I don't know
what this guy put in himself but forget
about all the other drugs just the
testosterone when he died and of course
nobody knows when his last shot was so
it could have actually been higher than
this but the guy had 57 times the amount
of testosterone in his body that the
average person does so that's a huge
difference so that's
difference between a steroid user that
we know of and a replacement type dosage
57 fold now does everybody take what
that guy took I don't know probably not
that seems extreme but again I don't
know and don't know a lot of competitive
bodybuilders mostly competitive
bodybuilders that we've worked with as a
company like the steroid days are in
their past and what they did was way
less than what some of the pros do now
and the pros we do work with that are
continuing to compete they use far less
than that so it's kind of a strange to
see this happen but ultimately TRT is
replacement so it is the same as being
natural and have you got tested it would
it might show some markers that are put
in with pharmaceutical grade
testosterone so that you can see the
markers because some sports don't allow
TRT for whatever reason probably because
somebody could say they were on trt and
they would like do a little bit more or
they were trying use that as a
justification to do some other things
and think that the trt is going to sort
of create a smokescreen there but that's
just my theory
now some people use this as an excuse
for why they're not in shape and they're
just jealous people online so I urge all
those people who think WebMD is wrong
that they should email WebMD and explain
that they are smarter than WebMD and
that WebMD should change the definition
to whatever their definition is and when
you do that please email us because we
can't wait